hello we're
back let's get this done
[Music]
so yeah the issue at the moment was that
we don't have matching lstm States
right we've tested the whole network up
into the
lstm but the lsdm doesn't match right
that's where we left
off and's see what we're
printing h
see I do that
right let
see it should be H right
HC initial hidden
State initial cell
State
input
wait am I dumb
here wait is there a third
input there is a third input
how do I mess that
up
wait
huh oh but I have this in the
test I don't know why I thought it was
any different
actually yeah they're two states
right uh
okay but like
regardless
lstm net PR
output oh
wait where's
PR oh it's not re 3 output what the heck
that might be
it
76 wait eight
82 then negative3 set so this is very
close but a little off
right
043 718
76 it's kind of weird how close these
are isn't
it wait flat
hidden hold
on what are we printing
out got
let's see what we
got oh okay we're just not this is
fine this is
fine this get rid of
this okay so we have we have lstm
here we have flath hidden
713 yeah so this one matches
exactly and then this one at the
bottom matches
almost but almost
matches
somehow it's
like yeah there's no way that this is
going to be a 02
off it's weird because most of these
values are like most of them are spot on
and then some of them are
not can I see any
pattern like are the negative one's
wrong
maybe okay so we have reu prod re
right we
recompile yeah know this is still wrong
very odd this
[Music]
one is State H the right
State yeah this is the right state
right and then it
returns outputs HC
it bothers me that it's this close as
well like
why were the biases the
same the biases were the same weren't
they it's like some of these are just
spot on and then some of these are like
close but no
cigar I mean and then some of them are
quite far
let me just double Tech check the
test well I am seeing here
let me try a couple
things I might have like caused some
symmetry [__]
right I might have just messed something
up here in my
test
aha
gotcha test is
wrong there's a symmetry issue
I'm glad I thought of
that let's see what I think the Symmetry
issue
is e
I don't know why I have these headphones
on either I don't need
these symmetry error there only so many
things that can be symmetry errors right
m
bias input let's just double check real
quick I want to make sure we're not
crazy I'll make sure we're not crazy
here
we don't have any errors in linear
layers now do
we no we
don't
okay what about
this state hmp is already wrong
so we're basically we're
guaranteed well I could have called it
in the wrong order or something
right
input State H State C weight input
weight
State bias input by
state
buffer that size input size hidden size
okay uh other other
idea right another
idea could this be wrong
order this could be wrong order
right wait input weight
State this could be wrong
whoops
save should be wrong order
could totally be a wrong
order what happened to test
model I'm going to this
function save model weights is it
let's see the
order wait input hidden bias input bias
hidden why are the
why are the biases exactly the
same isn't that kind of
weird wait wait bias bias
though that how I do it
weight waight bias bi yeah that's how it
does it we know that the weights are the
same make
lstm you do
linear and linear accumulate wait hold
on linear
accumulate plus equals
Waits buffer
input bius
buffer what about this buffer
now this buffer
gets why why am I
passing oh because it's the output okay
input weight bias
output
yeah that looks fine to me
I'm trying to think where it would be
where there's like a symmetry
issue because it works if you use the
same seed for all the random
data let me
see on the indexing math could very well
be indexing math right
input plus
offset
wait input offset batch times hidden
size wait what hold on
and put offset as
batch
yeah
so H
State depends on C
State and then it's going to
be well wait can the indexing be wrong I
guess it could be cuz it's metric
maybe f
is one so it's going to be at plus
hidden
size plus cell State T minus one is the
input
input wait input offset
here yeah plus I oh wait
well in this case it works but I think
that more generally this is
wrong because you need to know the input
size so I think this is
technically this is hidden
offset input
offset this can be
input and then this one is actually
hidden
offset H an
offset back
offset this input
offset offset siid
then this is state is going to be hidden
off that
right plus
I and state C
H La that right
let's return all the seeds to 42
passes
fails that's weird
okay
works let
Works four this should be 45
6 wait 43 yeah 44 45 46
assess so it's when this one
becomes the cell state becomes different
from the input it
fails hold on maybe this is just a test
input torch no this is
good and then you do H comma
C and for some reason C has to be the
same as the
input it's when the cell state is
different from the input that it
fails that's a good enough clue
right and the cell State I must be using
the um oh I'm dumb hold
on I know what it
is I know what it
does right
yeah right here you
bastard
T right here this is State
C that state C right
there and then that's got to
be hidden
offset we
input and then there's no input offset
we just do hidden off like
that what now it fails
still hold
on I should not be
failing how but when I do this
yeah
HC I could have sworn that that would
have been
it it actually build
oh hold on maybe I need to recompile
this
right maybe I need to recompile this
there it goes I forgot that you have to
trigger the um the test Rec compilation
path
separately so now was this with the
right
data yes it was
perfect that was the issue
okay perfect matches
exactly that was it we had an index bug
in our lstm
was nefarious that was a nefarious bug
down to
RNG but we got
it time is it
5:30 I got more work in me
yet I got some more work in me
I mean I almost feel like I don't have
to test this but I think I probably
should well let's just go all the way
the action layer you
know yeah let's just go right to here
because if this is correct here then
we're good
six then we do is we print
F this and then we print f fln
okay so
now doubl type
in move this assert down
well now we get the action outputs
right oops
comment hi read your papers on neural
MMO and puffer Li thank you
welcome we're coding up some cool stuff
though the results are going to be much
cooler than the process because the
process is a lot of me debugging crra
accesses but we're going to be able to
run some really cool RL networks on the
web yeah it's cool right
right and they're not dumb little agents
either we're going to run CNN MLP lstm
agents with fancy observation data on
the web in purec real time client side
single core it's going to be
sweet is actually happening as well it's
probably going to be done
today if I can just fix these last
couple of bugs it's not that bad either
it's maybe like four 5 lines of C total
to just you know replace P torch at
least for
inference and compile for web it's not
bad not bad at
all
e e
what am I looking at
here
probs for.
split okay we should just do like a
explicit sample
right
um hard Max
argmax attach CPU
numpy argmax samples
let's see if this
works okay so it does work I don't know
why there's all this
data there's got to be dirty data
somewhere in one of these
buffers but this does
work that should be fine though
right let me just make sure real quick I
just want to be positive
yeah okay we're fine I see it we're
good
so can we just run this and win
now that what
happens I think we can just run this and
win
headphones go back on screaming kids
outside drive me
nuts I have absolutely zero patience
whatsoever which is funny because I have
tons of patience for
code for
seg
Bol oh that's actually in
um that's an actual memory access
though I'm assuming that
it's this move
somehow what is
mobet if it runs I'll show you but
actually here I may as well show you on
the web first have you seen the mob I've
been building you can play it online
though it has some bugs at the moment so
this runs in your browser it's written
in pure C it's like 2,000 lines of C
it's like a miniature version of Dota or
of Legends if you will it has abilities
it has five different
characters and it runs at like a million
steps per second per
core so it's pretty
cooloo so what we're trying to do is
we're going to try to get this network
running so that we can actually have we
can play with and against RL
agents I think that would be a cool
thing to to
do and it's particularly cool because
I'm going to be able to actually put
some good networks together yeah and
like this Tech we're going to get to use
this for everything as well because
basically like that whole puffet that's
the hard part like once I remove these
prints the actual net code for um this
specific environment is like 100 lines
it's like not even any longer than the P
torch code yeah it's a little obnoxious
because I have a bunch of stuff
hardcoded at the moment
are you building this yeah this is all
my
code
here this is puffet this is the C
learning uh not learning C inference
Library linear comms
lstms and
then
m.h 2,000 lines of
C is that entire
environment runs Ultra fast we can do RL
on it
pretty
nice all open
source and you can play it online too
cuz C compiles to web assembly which is
pretty nice yeah I'm a front end
developer C is a front-end language
right
let's see what happens if I
do I'd love to contribute oh of course
we love we love uh contributions let me
show you a little bit of that
so this is
discord.gg puffer this is where we
organize stuff we got 400 people in here
at the
moment uh if I show you I think it's in
general we have to scroll a bunch
here but there are some cool things so
this is an environment that somebody's
building it's based on this old French
emo called uh do somebody's building
this out as a high perf environment for
RL we've got
simpler stuff as well let me show you a
couple of the
others this is the
Moa and here let's see the Atari
ones so we have people building highper
versions of Atari so like pong but run
super super
fast and we've got breakout but run
fast so pretty much I mean for most most
people the easiest way to contribute
that doesn't require like tons and tons
of RL experience is to just like you
know get on board with the high per
environment development and make some
cool games that run Ultra Ultra fast for
reinforcement learning or you know other
types of simulators doesn't matter but
definitely ultra high perf like we try
to have everything run a minimum of a
million steps per second per core which
is not all that hard to do you can write
in C if you want to it's not required uh
C is nice because we can run it on the
web but scon is perfectly all right
reads exactly like python with types but
is just as fast as C in fact I did the
mo bit in scon first I did a whole bunch
of the environments in scon first uh so
that's the easiest way for people that
have way more RL experience you know we
also accept contributions on
infrastructure environment bindings
benchmarking and those types of
areas but yeah if you're just trying to
like do some cool RL stuff this is uh
probably the easiest way is to like help
us build out these
environments and of course I'm always
happy to help contributors I
occasionally like I'll I'll do code
reviews on stream and stuff like that I
pretty much stream uh all week long you
know five days a week
so let me know what interests you
I haven't seen South on here either
lately but we also have a we've also got
a cool artist who's been like making
artwork for this MOA so we got all sorts
of fun contributors
this is wrong here
right actions
how does this even
work
philosophy how the heck does this
oh I
see uhhuh
well that's
terrible we do minus 300
that even does that do it I think it
does
I something is like moving outside the
map cuz the movement is too fast
let me see if I can
see I have an interest in RL with
robotics working on a research project
with stuck on something very cool so for
robotic
stuff I'll show you who you should
follow I'm sure you know Stone tow
already but uh kyong is
this is who you should follow he does
robotics for
puffer um let's
see yeah so while he's been doing some
of these control M but I think he's also
got other more sophisticated ones um
he's adding like bindings for existing
robotics
M at some point we're going to want to
do like our own ultra high perf Sim but
like if you're looking to add
Integrations for this type of stuff
that's
awesome definitely something we would
like to be putting more emphasis
into yeah there's lots of good material
in here
this like actually a speed issue hold on
this could be a me issue but I think
it's a speed
issue
okay definitely an issue here
move
to
Source map offset
okay so destination got messed up
somehow
why is this destination so
crazy that's
crazy why is it like
this rest of them don't well actually
they do what the
heck destinations are
like why they it is
huge velocity is off
maybe I can't think of anything else
that would cause
that can't think of anything
else hold it shouldn't be minus 300 it
should be plus 300
right yeah that'll
cause wait I'm confused
no it is
minus right
what if I do this
aha it is a velocity
issue look at
that well something's really weird with
the movement but definitely a velocity
issue we're going to have to train some
better agents now as well for web
what we do for the
uh e
how I want to do the movement
is actually is it minus
three yeah it's minus three like this
and it's an instar
right so why doesn't this
work oh because you don't want to
subtract a you don't want to
subtract like this hold
on I got
you I got you
here we'll fix this
now I may be running out of steam for
interesting
commentary I am going to fix this
tonight
holy what the
heck I would have thought that would
work why
not why is it so fast
gigantic numbers
why are they like this
maybe it's in the
sampler yeah what the [__] is
this right
minus
three -
303 that is weird right
shouldn't be able to do
that hold
on actions of I *
6 should be be
fine
no
because
why maybe I have the alignment wrong
six Agent Time
six
wait 100
times is there's something weird going
on
here what if I just put this
here we're like so close to having this
work whoops so close to having this
working okay so now I should have some
[Music]
reasonable -200
-300 is it just not setting the actions
here these look like they're left over
right they're left over from the
previous
step
forward
forward could my multi just freep me off
maybe my multi- discreet is
off
this
oops for
hold on is this it
here yeah I think this is
it found
it I got to love obscur
bus I will say though the number of bug
fixes I've gotten today like I'm
actually very happy with their
progress I fixed a lot of bugs man
this
garbage it's going to make me run
slow oh man look at this
it's pressing my buttons for me so I
can't press
them yeah see it's like it decided to
take over my buttons there and
attack something's still going too fast
it's so much closer though it's so much
closer like maybe now I can figure out
what the heck it is
what is still
printing that's weird how it zooms like
that
there appears to be some weird logic
left over when I switch
characters I don't know why sometimes
like some of these aren't moving there
it
goes how are they moving that
fast
holy somehow they're glitching like a
move
buff I mean but that's the neural net
control in them look that's them that is
the neuronet rushing down mid with like
glitched fast
speed and this is this guy sitting on a
tower I call that a
success we have some debugging to do
now but that is a success a resounding
success even we're going to commit all
this before we lose
it for
what uh we'll have to remove that I
don't want to mess it up
though yeah this is wrong
there we
go cool I'm going to be right back just
arush him real quick and then we will uh
we'll start just debugging this game
because as soon as I get the bugs out
this is going to be
awesome
e
e e
okay kick the tie this out of my desk on
the way
in
okay all we got to do is get some bugs
out of the environment now we have the
Nets working it's just like stuff is
going crazy as
all so let's start on that here just for
a little bit
today forward
yeah so what you need to do here
right is whichever of these things is uh
being messed
with yeah whichever of these things is
being messed with you need to zero
out the
actions UWE
and now it should stop trying to press
my buttons for
me look at that now I get smooth
movement and oops they're going to flank
me I'm guess I'm going through the
terrain
clipping yeah there you go there's the
assassinate skill off with Mana yeah
there we go and die here yep cool so Uh
something's crazy with these guys that
they're just like zooming around like
that let's see what happened
interesting you're just dividing by
100 I see nothing wrong with this
dividing by
100 oh wait no that's bad isn't
it yeah that's bad
you have to Norm this don't
you I think I have to Norm this
is that it that's I guess that's a 40%
speed
buff oh no that's yeah it's way more
because yeah they're going 3x
faster so this is divide by three this
is still not perfect but this should be
um
on b 300
yeah here we
go let's just
do
if
Yer than one
now what we
do yeah
X see if this does
it f ABS f
see
ABS hello YouTube
folks hey
bet we
are doing crazy things
okay there we go RL agents running in
C we are starring puffer yeah remember
star the
puffer I don't have any
CDs come
on take the tower
it's going to start hitting me
soon there we go
assassinated
yeah you can ghost through terrain with
the speed
buff what are the policies for these
agents are they pre-trained from the
previous run these are pre-trained
agents that as of right now as of just
when you joined here these are
pre-trained agents that are running uh
the pytorch CNN lstm NLP uh MLP model
but it's being loaded into pure C so
inference is done in pure C on One Core
in real
time why not C++ because C++ makes me
sad it really does not add
anything really doesn't whoops really
does not add anything to uh to what I'm
doing
here it's only 400 some odd lines of
code to implement like a basic pie torch
thing it sounds hard but puffer Li makes
it easy well this part is kind of hard
bet I'm not going to lie this part was
kind of
hard we have an lstm we have a com 2D
and these have been meticulously
matched we these have been meticulously
matched to the pytorch reference
implementations and by reference
implementations I mean testing bit by
bit to try to get it to be the same like
I can't get the code because it's all
like CNN so you rolled your own neuronet
inference agents for this game I mean
for puffer in general for puffer in
general like we're going to be able to
use this in all of the Sims that we make
for puffer now right
this is just going to be one of them and
the reason that I did it like this right
is that now we can compile these to web
assembly and we're going to be able to
run these on the browser so these
browser guys are actually going to be
able to move around and we have RL
teammates so you'll just be able to play
this online and like you know fight
these guys or
whatever speaking of which you can play
this now it's very buggy but it is on
the puffer website uh we need to add the
agents in and stuff like that but it's
there you also have we have snake these
ones actually we do have some RL agents
they're pretty dumb we're going to
upgrade them using all the new inference
code that I just
wrote yeah but you can play Snake versus
you know the RL
agents and we're going to add more games
here as well we're going to have a whole
Suite of them
okay so we fixed the speed hack
issue what other stuff is there to
fix is the goal to use the game sim to
make great RL or to use RL to make great
and fun games or both uh the goal is
mostly to use the game sim to make great
RL you know if game studios want to do
the opposite though right if game
studios want to do the other one and
want some assistance in that puffer will
be happy to help there um but yeah the
motivation is mostly to have Ultra ultra
high performance simulations for
reinforcement learning that we can then
use to you know hypers scale the field
like dramatically Advance the state of
RL
and all of this is part of it all of
this is part of
it I guess we just got to find bugs now
huh it's pretty
obnoxious I think I know one of them let
me
see there's like this one obnoxious
inference above
yeah okay this doesn't
help let's fix the
controls e
there we
go pathing is kind of weird how it does
this yeah why is it doing RuneScape path
thing hold on
oh yeah I see why it's doing
okay think work is super cool mained
goals to advance RL how's running and
browser playing wouldn't the research
mostly be done on Research or servers
yeah no the having it on browser is just
uh it's just for demo purposes I figure
like there are a lot of cool RL
environments that don't get enough usage
so this is just a cool way to demo the
environments um the thing is though like
yeah I technically already had this
coded in uh in scyon but like hoing it
to C didn't really take me that long and
this whole inference engine it took me
like three or four days to build so it's
really not that big of an investment to
have awesome demos that means that like
10 times more people will see these
environments and like you know
ultimately also puffer is a company so
it is kind of important for us to have
cool demos to show people right um yeah
so that's that's basically the reason
there so yeah like I could write these
in scon just as well for the performance
um but hey you know if we write it in C
then I get cool demos out of it as
well you went with the file IO option no
I didn't bet where do you see
that we wrote proper tests
there's a
warning
where build open text that's something
else that's something
else no I wrote proper test
bet for the
engine yeah so we have to fix this is
freaking RuneScape pathing right here
um yeah this is RuneScape pathing
so shoot I do need this normalization
don't
I okay maybe I wasn't that dumb to begin
with right
how's
this I think this does
it and then we'll have to scale the
uh the agent actions as well maybe we'll
move that piece of code
yeah there you go no more RuneScape
movement you go straight to
Target we should get rid of this cursor
and we should add like some click
effects good job join Discord yeah join
Discord ggp puffer this is all open
source work we have all sorts of cool
stuff going on
bet is our official Advertiser
here you can get bad help from people
like oh
bet sometimes I'm
sometimes I'm right
sometimes I think I got to repeat this
little bit of code right
here uh in the
actual yeah I got to repeat this
last actually what I can do here I can
clean this up a little bit because I
just need this to be
here um
than
one there we
go we
Norm now everybody's moving at the same
reasonable speed
everybody gets their actions Norm to
one they move a little slower on the
diagonals but now the speeds are
consistent
right the policies are a little confused
because they're they weren't trained
that way so they get stuck on stuff
now did it just see me walk into its
Vision range and attack try to attack me
or no tried to
it tried to heal me actually it used its
support ability that's
funny what did it just use half its mana
on what are you guys doing here I bet if
I just like unstuck it a little bit
right yeah now it
goes
yeah so these just aren't very good
agents also the map is slightly
off don't have Mana for this I think
it's 150 Mana there we go there's the
assassinate
very
cool other
bugs we pretty much all we need to do is
find all the bugs in this so we can
actually train in this version of the
environment cuz all these policies are
just transferred from the sconed
version I believe there's a bug when you
win the game isn't
there I think the towers keep hitting
you or something
I should like confirm
that here this is what we're going to do
to confirm
this we're going to just make the tank
op so I can insta win the game
okay that's insta winning the game
versus
Towers
oops am I getting
hit no Tower's not hitting
me I don't have my cool Downs refresh
for some
reason okay the jump back to spawn
is the jump back to spawn is
annoying I think we should just remove
that I don't think we actually need that
for training
yeah this right
here I don't think we need this
oh let's also fix uh CDs on
death okay this will fix CDs on death
how did the transition from python to C
well it was in scon to begin with it
wasn't in Python that would have been
night marriage
um it only took me like 3 days
hey Teto how's it
going uh we currently have policies here
CNN lstm and MLP policies running in
pure C so that's
fun oops I hit the wrong button and my
skill is on cool
down awesome now thank you this is all
open source as well let's just win this
game and oh there it was there's the bug
okay so we'll have to fix this that's
what I was testing for uh the more
stable but still buggy version is is
online right here so you can kind of
play it the RL Bots are not in there yet
because I just had to implement all the
freaking C policy stuff uh but this is
here and then also you can play the
snake one this does have RL boot but
they're just MLPs so we're going to
upgrade the AIS with uh CNN lstm as soon
as I get around to that after finishing
up the Moa since we actually have
policies that are trained like that but
I didn't have the the inference code for
it since like you can't use P torch on
web so what just
happened we also have to have the thing
not segol on
web
uh I see
that's
funny
so engage AOE
huh have not played a MOA so this is
super confusing yeah moas are the most
complicated freaking confusing genre of
game in existence to learn you have to
have played Dota or League of Legends in
order to what's going on there's just no
way I can explain to you otherwise right
like here let me find the DOTA
map I'll give you the quick
version here this looks
good so DOTA is a 5v5 game so is League
uh there are these there's this map
there are three lanes in the map there's
a top middle and bottom Lane and in each
lane you've got these three towers and
then you've also got these defending
Towers in the center
and then there's the objective to
capture in the middle so your goal is to
in you only really need one of the lanes
though usually you end up taking all of
them or at least two of them uh your
goal is to break the level up defeat the
opponents take the enemy towers and then
capture the objective in the center and
like all of the different characters
play differently and they are like
minion waves that fight each other in
the center and try to take the towers
for you and then they're neutral enemies
that you have to kill along the way for
gold lots and lots of stuff very very
complicated
game so we have a mini version of
that we're using it for research
let's see if this does anything
die die die die
die and we use our heal
buff oh look we actually have an RL
teammate here
look at
that he's going to die because he's not
very smart but he is we do have an RL
teammate
okay nothing crashed that
time all the levels did
reset they're dying instantly but that's
just because I've super like Giga buff
the damage we should probably fix some
of these rendering glitches with like
the render lines going off
screen I'm mostly trying to find crashes
though I should just put this online and
let you all find the crashes for me that
would be the uh the smart way of doing
it
okay there they go there are the RL
teammates they get stuck on stuff
because they're not very
smart but they do
work radiant victory
why did I just get sent back to
base I thought I fixed
that oh something is targeting
me something is targeting me there's a
weird
bug what is targeting
me is it my own
Tower am I say or is it something
invisible
is it my own
Tower the hell is targeting me is it
targeting me across the map it has to be
right so something is wrong in the
targeting logic something is targeting
on
zero yeah that's what's
happening something's doing 350 damage I
believe yeah
350 Towers too op well these are my own
Towers right so something is doing 350
damage so I got to figure out what is
doing what is capable of doing 350
damage in the
game I don't think any of the towers do
350 I think that's like the enemy burst
or
whatever I have 350 in here
anyway oh wait is it my
support support does negative but this
should be
healing and it's minus player level so
no this can't be it cuz this would be
400 even if it were a heal I'll test the
support just in
case to see if it actually heals
correctly I think but basically I think
that there's some targeting bug where
like something is being able to index
the wrong target here let me go get
myself damage
ah here we
go engage
AOE definitely something on the
targeting
oh I just noticed your tag is C assembly
that's
fun I'm going to be honest I've been
writing C for like the past two or three
weeks before that I I haven't written C
in 10
years but I've been enjoying
it I've been writing python for like
close to 10
years almost exclusively python as well
little bit of a little bit of CP in
there for Unity but that's about
it I mean I honestly really enjoy
it I like the thing is my undergrad
ruined it for me like the Stamford
lectur on it were so bad like
just not knowing that like Das F like s
address sanitizers exist was just God
awful I'm pretty sure just with knowing
that like a dress sanitizers exist like
it's actually so much so much better
now I think if they just fixed that one
thing I would have had a fine time but
they literally didn't tell us that those
were a
thing it's absolutely brutal
I'd rather have an address sanitizer
than an LSP
it's quite funny as well because like I
get a lot of people like why are you
writing it in C like why are you making
this hard on yourself and it's like no
I'm writing it in C to make it easy on
myself like what else would I write it
in
for e
I think what this would be caused
by they got to look at the targeting
Maybe
you do scan every
tick you don't reset scan targets though
do
you I guess that's probably what we need
to do is reset scan targets or something
this has got to be only on environment
reset though
right
reset
okay why is it set to 121
plus let's see this see if this does
it I mean I think technically you need
to reset on death as
well I forget will it break in a place
yeah you totally can do
that I there might be I don't know if
you can break on Segal I think Segal is
just dead welcome as well
we got it working these networks are not
great because uh I haven't trained great
networks yet but like this is these guys
are technically lstm CNN MLP
agents it should break on the seg
fult oh I don't
know we're in pure Sealand now
so okay look did you see that it's
zapping across the freaking map that's
bad why was it zapping across the
map there's some screwy stuff going
on oh and there's definitely
like yeah it's zapping across the map
there's definitely something screwy
going on
here feature not a
bug ah you see right there something
just hit me
let's see if it does it again I think
it's going to do 350 damage no something
is doing like small damage to
me I think it only happens yeah there it
goes through
350 it's very weird
do we think that's a tower what could
that
be what does 350
damage Tower damage no the towers only
do 175
Max 175 * 2 is 350 if I'm getting hit by
both of them somehow
right what do we think I'm getting
consistently hit for
350 I should just log attack that take
place above a certain distance
right let's just log attacks that take
place above
uh a certain distance that would be the
smarter
thing where is this
float disc to
Target there we
go
10 print
F CER
per
distance yeah let's try
this so now we should get some useful
prints
yeah go get some
levels what's up
Tower nothing has attacked over 10
distance yet
I got to
heal attacker 199 that's
interesting oh I'm pressing the wrong
button the UI is not unresponsive I was
just pressing the wrong
button
okay attacker five
that's interesting
right attacker five is the
enemy wait what attacker five should be
0 one
two the enemy
support Target three is 0 one two three
yep the tank
and they're cross mapping
me 189 and then attacker 199
is the heck is attacker 100 I didn't
think there were
199 that goes back
on yeah there's
202 okay this is enough logs
182 okay so the 200s are Towers I guess
right wait
182 yeah 206 should be the
highest so these are enemy
towers and then somehow also the enemy
support is targeting
me across the map
where's South as
well I want to show them the uh the cool
demos
I got to do the animation set for the uh
for the animation
logic at some point soon
scams in
AOE tower Tower
Vision nearest scan
Target I don't understand how
it keeps
scanning and it's still hitting
me
right like this should be going continue
continue continue continue right not
scanning anything
and then it should be nulling the
target so the fact that that's not just
it's not just like it's hitting me on
reset have to sleep I've done sleep
throughout the night and you're still
alive yeah man you're not getting enough
sleep
then I work but I get lots of sleep
sleep's important
hours not
enough I get eight or
nine mind you I've had periods of
several years in my life where I've
gotten like four consistently but not
doing that [__] again
there's literally no point like I can't
function on that at like any amount of
capacity so unless I'm doing really
stupid work right
but yeah when I was younger I did not
sleep at
all and
targets I still don't know what's wrong
with this Towers
logic like
this looks
fine there the cool
Downs it has to freaking scam
right yeah we step every tick
no this is
we yeah the ticks are
correct and then we
scan like am I missing something here
I mean I can try this just to
see like I could be Computing PID wrong
or something ridiculous but let's see if
this does
it right we're taking over the
tank I want the op character
what the heck did that much damage to
me
jeez okay the tanks can uh the minions
can
tank what in the
heck got to do
this oh yeah there we go we're getting
hit on by
a crazy thing so before even
reset we've got
distances well those ones might be okay
because they're only like 10
distance let's see if the bug is
fixed I think all we have to do is like
wait
right distance 11
I
[Music]
man yeah that's
feasible I think that's technically
feasible not getting
hit so am I just misunderstanding how
this thing works here
oh no there it
is okay
so two different
Towers Target
50 you know the weird thing about this
is I've have this null I
rebuild yeah I rebuilt right
here okay so this is not
working
YX hold on
let me just check one thing and I'll
look at
that huh remember the question I asked
about training on lots of
simulations I had an idea that we can
somehow merge the weights of two
different
networks
uh I don't think you're looking at
Ensemble learning I think you're looking
at distill
is player in N entities
yes I look up I would suggest that you
look up um like policy
distillation or something like that is
player and yeah so all of the different
the uh players creeps neutrals Towers
everything is inside of entities and
then there's the get entity function
that will it essentially just is a
conditional it'll just match your index
to whatever like to whatever your type
is uh there's only one struct type in
order to make everything very easy like
everything is just an entity and then
like the entity struct just has all the
different
properties it makes things very
easy it skips the player when
scanning let me see
[Music]
so if the targets is invalid it skips
it uh if the target is on the same team
it skips it so you're on your same
team uh if the target
is yeah there's they're Flags basically
to control what to
skip Target equal so it should be on
team so not just yourself but anything
on your same
team and the reason it's coded that way
is for like for healing effects for
instance there's like a self heal and
there's an AOE
heal so like you can scan for like
nearby
allies I guess technically that one
should just always go through because uh
you're always with an AOE so you should
always be able to heal yourself
but it can't
be it shouldn't be able to be just
hitting
itself cuz the Knight
is yeah the puffer Knight is level one
and I said it's damage to
250 and it was taking
350 yeah so it would take 300 not 350 at
level
one something and like you can also see
right these attackers these high indices
here correspond to Towers so like
occasionally like I'll see like
something hitting I'll see something
else but mostly it looks like
Towers towers are somehow like hitting
outside of their range and I I don't
know if it's they're just randomly
hitting outside of their range or like
it's if they've seen you they're getting
stuck on you or something
and mobile
player Tower and then it's Tower
vision is five which is fine
player y minus
radius xus
radius let's just make sure then let's
let's not be useless
here so like
see if this does
it uh could also
be it could be something to do with
like
whoops what happened
here yeah
it could be like not the first scan
Target it could be like overflowing its
Target buff or some weird
[__]
here let's go see
again as soon as I get this into like a
pretty much playable State though even
if there are like a few bugs left as
long as I don't see like crazy bugs I'm
just going to put this online and let
you guys like play it and then I'll find
out the bugs that way it's like
literally just play
testing jeez you guys do a lot of D what
how are you hitting me
there how are you hitting me there
okay Target minus one
well that doesn't make any sense
negative one should be
a
sentinol I literally have
could this be grid
desync this could be grid desync right
let's let's try grid
desync that's a valid thing we're going
to have to edit the renderer for
this where is it targeting overlays
wait what hold on
all
rectangle how did I have moves
implemented okay I don't have actually
understand should be not equal to zero
right basically what I want to do is I
want to like overlay to see if I'm
leaving ghost on the map
I think it's possible that we're leaving
ghosts by ghosts I mean like we're not
clearing from the map
correctly I don't know how that would do
anything
but okay so right here
I already draw the terrain
somewhere oh yeah I drew it in the
Shader let's try this
okay so now we can see on these debug
cells right we can see actually where
everything is on the grid
so like we'd be able to see for instance
if uh I killed stuff but then it left
like ghosts around oh thank you for the
heal
support look at that my Allied neural
network did uh did something nice for
me it's okay I will avenge you
okay oh look at that you see that
ghosts look see this guy he just
freaking teleported to
me this guy just tpd to me you see the
ghost there
I got to get past these guys so I can
actually go see
it on let me see how I can Juke
by ah look ghost right
there H ghosts yeah I saw the ghosts
okay e
oh okay
so
nmobile well we see that we have
ghosts initialized players
they get their spawn positions
I'm guessing it's this thing right
here if I just do this does this do it
wait how do despawning the creeps
work oh it's because I was zeroing the
PID map before isn't
it
okay yeah I see
yeah that's going to get totally messed
up isn't
it so the issue is that I was
um before this I was zeroing out or I
was like resetting um the whole map when
the game finished and I'm not doing not
doing that
anymore so it leaves
ghosts so I just need to go through all
the entities and reset them let me uh
here's what I'm going to do I'm going to
order dinner on the side here and then
uh I'm going to continue working on this
until it gets
here D I really appreciate the support
on this just like on like a little post
like this it's nice to
see what I order for dinner
some eggs corn beef
[Music]
let's keep working on this for the next
however long it takes to get
here so
let's be smart about
this when you initialize
I just have to be a little disciplined
here player
PID and a
one
okay what else
need to be negative 1
hold
on no I'm I'm
uh it's so weird because
like would an ensemble of policies be
more effective than using a single
policy emble of polic policies policy
reform the general rule for naive
ensembling from like classic vision and
NLP from back in the day was you get 2%
so you Ensemble eight models you get 2%
better you can be smarter about it and
then you end up with things that are
like kind of ensembles but not really
you can look at mixture of experts for
that um you can also just make the
policy bigger
okay so basically what I have to figure
out
here is if I'm going to have to
kill the entities or
not e
I don't think this is the function that
matters it's the move to function that
matters
right because the way I do it
is I clear
The
Source I should be able to fix this this
is not that hard I'm just like end of a
long day here and it is kind of
important to do this right so
essentially the issue is uh the way in
which I move around players and the way
in which I handle like killing and
respawning entities in the game
I should probably just separate this
out just to like
delete like delete at
and um Place add or
whatever
yeah I'm trying to think how hard that
will be to do correctly right
now e
that doesn't actually help me though
does
it I think the quickest fix for
now the quickest fix
yeah if I just set the initial X and Y
to
zero
right then I don't have to set it there
you can do kill entity
then Tower respawn should be
fine for
40s I should set the initial X and y's
otherwise I'm going to have a problem
right where the hell are the
creeps do I not set them
yeah I don't even check them at
all
for e
Rex
offset of
n
i that's
good e
let's see what this
does 15
where did my chat
go oh I
Disappeared whoops wrong
hotkey so what do we think do we think
that this uh does anything
let's go
support engage support
oh I
died why do I only have 700
health I'm level
13 I should have more Health than
this I guess leveling health is not
working I was wondering why it was so
hard yeah I just got merked by
something oh oh those towers are hitting
me
still okay well you can see that the
corpses are
gone so that's one thing that was fixed
it looks like there's still
bugs they appear rarer
oh now I have 1600 Health but there's
definitely something screw with the
leveling yeah so something just hit
me from far
off oh but it just
okay interesting
see
definitely Max Health bugs where's my
food uh not here
yet maybe we fix this bug
definitely some stuff that needs to just
be tracked a little bit better
not going to lie I'm kind of too fried
to get anywhere else on this today so
I'm going to push this for
now you guys can play with it if you
want
thanks that's
well that's
fun
comments thank
you for
hey you know uh I don't know if you're
still around here but this is available
a standalone on the GitHub
and as of today we've confirmed it's
correct I'm going to I'll put out a post
on this tomorrow I'll be sure to tag the
C assembly folks but
um yeah maybe you guys will want to
optimize it
actually I got to move it into like a
stand a self-contained thing but
um I don't think that this code is
amazing to be honest like I like
the I like the actual implementations of
the Nets I I don't know if I like the
way that I've done the
rappers I don't know if I like the way
that I've done the allocations on the
rappers and
stuff maybe you guys will have some
ideas on that
though the other thing I just I can't
figure out how I I want to do and see is
um multi-dimensional
arrays like always having to do flat
indexing is really really
rough I figured out you can cast to a
multi-dimension array I don't know if
that's a good idea or not I do that in a
couple
places but yeah 444 lines for all
this so that's
fun and yeah puffer AI is the Business
site but uh you know we have docks as
well we got puff I get habio for docs
all open
source and this was a pretty cool
Community
thing the the one thing I can't figure
out with the c assembly folks is
like I'll see people trying to like
Implement all sorts of fancy
abstractions in C and I wonder like you
know why if why are you coding stuff and
see if you want the fancy abstractions I
thought the point was to not do any of
that so yeah this like this type of
stuff confuses me like why do you want
this
right it's cool that you can do
it it's definitely cool that you can do
it but do you really want it right like
my favorite thing about C is just being
I like writing things in the stupid EST
way possible and just like having it be
fast and super maintainable cuz like
there's nothing confusing ever right
like honestly I think some of these this
environment code it's some of the most
maintainable code I've written just
because it's actually brain dead right
like I just get to be completely brain
dead and see and it's it's great I love
it like I haven't even needed to have a
dictionary yet like I haven't even
needed a map yet it's just use arrays
for everything
but yeah I will uh I'll post about the
actual puffer net. C tomorrow I think
it's quite nice like what it
provides because you get um there's some
utility things but you get I mean really
most of it is wrappers for like just the
allocations and like storing all these
annoying variables but if you just look
at like the procedural
API right like the pure procedural stuff
here is so there's this load file stuff
which you can ignore uh so now from line
50 to
[Music]
line 160 so you ignore all the brackets
it's literally less than 100 lines for
lstm convolution layers and a couple
different types of linear layers and
activations doesn't take much
code the indexing on this was a pain
the con was
painful but
yeah and I'm sure it's not fast but it's
fast enough like we can tile the map
moles or
stuff um in the future we could try
simd couple other utils ARG Max for
multi
discreet I am curious what the um C
assembly folks will think about the way
that I'm doing this type of stuff I
don't know if I like
it I have strs to store like the layers
here I didn't make a tensor struct I
thought that would be too much uh I did
put a batch size so I have to you have
to have a fixed batch size just because
I didn't want to have to pass this as a
parameter otherwise you have to pass it
every time you call forward because
there's no tensor
struck
um I have weights here so you make it
with weights and then this thing just
like gets the block of memory from the
file so your weights are in contiguous
memory which is kind of cool the weights
for the entire network are in contiguous
memory loaded from the
file
um you store some of these pams and then
the actual like wrapped API is you just
call I mean you can see here like you
just call linear with the layer and then
the input and then you get the weights
from the layer the bias from the layer
and it just puts it inside of
output so it's not maling anything there
are no dynamic memory allocations right
it just stores it in an output
buffer
yeah I don't know design wise with this
type of stuff I haven't been like I
haven't been doing stuff this way to
know whether this is a good
idea right like technically I could
still have this struct but then instead
of having it be a make like this I could
have an init so you like declare the
struct and then you init it with weights
or
whatever I don't know if like having
like this make function with like a
batch input output is kind of weird
because I can just do like know struck.
batch size. input.
output but then I do want to have these
for the init I want to have like this
init stuff do get weights for
you because it has to do like Dimension
math and
stuff so I'm not entirely sure on this
side but I figure that this will be like
a nice little
Standalone um like that people will be
able to play with and I'll just like
improve over time this is not the main
focus right I'm not trying to make a new
tiny grad or you know a new pie torch or
anything the main point of this is to
just like have something that's know
nice and simple to use so we can do cool
stuff on
web and like the goal is not to have
this game be super fun or anything I
just want this to be like you know
mildly entertaining and like
recognizably looks like League or do or
um DOTA right looks like recognizably
like a game and has some complexity to
it right and then have like a bunch of
these types of Sims so that we can use
them for RL I mean this thing will run
at over a million steps per second per
core without rendering so I mean we can
literally get like centuries worth of
training data per day per GPU with
this like the training runs that I do on
this like we'll do like 20 billion step
training runs uh on one GPU and I think
I can make it even faster than that
this is
funny this is kind of unironically a
decent way to do um like lowii rendering
is super important for
RL like we really need better ways of
getting simulation State fast fast fast
I have uh I have bindings for Doom as
well for puffer lib I can get it up to
100,000 uh frames per second on a good
I9 with like 24
cores but it's hard to get it way
faster I really like
RB yeah I really really like RB
hey if I wanted a borrow Checker i' take
out a
loan
funny all right food's here in a minute
so uh I'm going to going to be back
doing this stuff tomorrow when my brain
is fresh
um yeah I'm going to be back doing this
when my brain is
fresh I'm going to so tomorrow the goal
is going to be to clean up the
environment hopefully we can get it
stable enough that I will be able to do
training on the pure sea environment
instead of the scyon version um we'll
see if I can get all that done and if I
can manage to do that then oh [__] my
boxes are down actually I don't know if
you've seen the puffer cluster we're
currently having some maintenance issues
uh but this is normally where we do all
of the training
runs uh so if I can get these boxes to
be back up tomorrow then hopefully we
can actually do some training runs on
them uh we have like awesome hyper Prem
sweeps to do and we can get some
policies that would be good if not I'll
just use the current one I have which
isn't amazing um but we can do that and
then people will be able to start
helping debug online and then over the
next few days we'll keep polishing this
stuff I'm sure there'll be some things
to fix uh I probably have to do some
sort of an animation system depending uh
we have an artist who has been
contributing awesome stuff so all like
the Assets in it right now but yeah
we'll see after that uh I also have the
other a few other environments to code
on but I'm liking the direction that
this is all taking and we'll have to see
when I cut a release I think it's going
to be the Moa the other environment
that's not announced and like maybe a
few small other environment ports and
then we'll release that as like the big
environment update for
puffer I really like I want when I
release that update I want it to be like
hey we have the simulation data that we
need to push RL forward for the next
however
long anyways thank you folks and uh I
will be back tomorrow bye